well Zach uh I understand you just got
back from your test drive on that Camry
LE what did you think of it I really
enjoyed the vehicle I think it's
something that I could see myself taking
home and to be honest the salesperson
Frank he was really really great as well
I I felt comfortable the entire time
well I'm I'm glad that that Frank made
you feel comfortable I'm glad that you
think this is the type of car that you
could see yourself living with AB um
it's a great great vehicle you know the
Camry's been around
what 30 years it's still one of the most
popular vehicles that Toyota's ever
produced and I can I can guarantee it's
not the type of vehicle that'll ever let
you down yeah no and and between you and
me really what it's going to come down
to yes it's the price you know it's it's
really the numbers at the end of the day
cuz I love the car yes I feel ready to
go home in it w but my wife you know she
needs to we need to you know we just got
to make sure everything's in alignment
before before I walk out do we do we
need to have your wife here process or
if you've already you've already got the
stamp of approval from her to go ahead
if the numbers are correct she said as
long as I negotiate a good deal well the
the wonderful thing about us here at
gotcha Motors all we're interested in is
is trying to figure out a way to make
you a member of the family a member of
the Goa Motors family okay somebody's
got to be there I will say one thing and
what was your name again uh my name's
Ray Ray I will share one thing with you
yes so my wife smart lady yeah smart
enough to marry you smart enough to
marry me yeah she had me watch these
YouTube videos all right on how to buy a
car so I got one question for you before
we even get into the numbers absolutely
when you show me a number I want to see
the out the door price okay none of the
payments none of the none of the add-ons
and and crap I need the out the door
price okay it'd be my pleasure to do
that for you I've got nothing to hide
all right okay so the Camry the Le it's
Bas model I know you loved it I have
some numbers for you on that vehicle and
and since you're a bottom line kind of
guy an otd kind of guy well also known
as a bottom line kind of guy with the
outd door number for that vehicle you're
with taxes fees
everything you're only looking at $
33,6
6355 so $
33,6 163 .55 is what that's the out the
door number if I had to write a check
you write that check you'll go home
Happy I'll go home
happy I might plan a
vacation no I'm just kidding there's I I
I couldn't take a vacation off of this
commission all right let's let's let's
run through there's a lot of line items
here make up every every car deal has a
lot of line items so it says market
value selling price yeah that's the MSRP
$
29,34 exactly yeah Camry's MSRP from the
factory is 20 okay yes you're giving me
a discount
$264 discount I guess I guess you got a
few cam okay that makes sense I can
understand you're trying to get a deal
done yes the price then is
$227,200 we could wave the freight but
you had to get the car here doc fee is
$150 I know you charge everyone the doc
fee I read something about that yes
dealer prep yes
$1,688 yes on the Camry's that's what it
is now if we were looking at a grand
Highlander it would be a higher number
for dealer prep and what does the dealer
prep mean well it's to get the get the
vehicle ready for the lot for sale
safety inspection everything that the
pre- delivery inspection everything that
you need to do to have that vehicle be
100% ready to
go for you to take it home do you do
that to every car got you Motors yeah
every every car gets gets the dealer
prep and like I say if now if it was an
entry level Corolla it would only be
1488 being an entry level Camry it's
1688 if we were on the grand Highlander
it's 2488 I had no clue that dealer and
does do all dealers do that I don't know
what other deers do I only know what we
do here I I don't run other shops tax I
can't negotiate tax that's my sales tax
you get that viit another tax all right
I understand license fee and inspection
fee title fee okay those are all state
fees we got the pipa new is that is that
another type of fee that is another
state fee it's it's yeah it's like an
environmental fee I okay environmental
and schme menal cash deposit obviously
we haven't even talked about that yet so
we're not going to well because you want
the out the door number
you add all that together let me ask you
a question
yeah that
$1,951 125 a tax yes what items on here
are are are taxable oh
well yeah the selling price the U the
freight that's taxable the dealer prep
is taxable the dock fee is taxable so
everything above tax is taxable yes is
that one way I could think about it okay
how about this yeah you want to sell the
you want to sell this this car today
Frank seemed really you know again he
was kind but he was eager he I could
tell he hasn't sold a car in a while
Frank's knew all right well that could
explain a few things yes yes but of
course I mean you know the only reason
we're here Zach is is is to figure out
how to sell a car in a daily base this
is no good to sit here and try and
figure something out where we don't sell
you the I asked what's what's taxed is
because if it's taxable it's negotiable
and when I look at this out the door
quot yeah go ahead you're actually
charging me a lot more than
MSRP a lot more than MSRP like2 or
$3,000 over MSRP and I can't really wrap
my head around the fact that the freight
is almost
$2,100 I'm pretty sure on the window
sticker it showed Freight as part of Y
all have it as market value selling
price but as the MSRP I'm pretty sure
you're trying to charge me twice for
that and now that I think of it yes
gotta
Motors you're trying to Goa
me that's unique but no we're just
trying to get you because our slogan
here at gotcha Motors is once we get you
we got
you so yeah that's exactly Ray can you
can you in all seriousness yes
I appreciate the first pass I appreciate
that you you even put a discount on here
of course let's run it back I can't walk
out of here paying over MSRP I know that
there was a shortage of vehicles I saw
it in the YouTube videos I get it we're
not in those times anymore I could
probably go down the street to the other
dealer not have to play any of these
games they give me an otd at MSRP i' be
a happy camper they they might
play other games I don't know I
understand I understand but I'm here I
want to buy the car okay and I
appreciate that so let me ask you a
question all right um you feel as if
we're charging you over MSRP you all
your I don't feel that way R the numbers
the numbers are the numbers all all
you're concerned with is the out the
door number so right now the out the
door number is $
33,6
6355 what is it that you had in mind
that would be uh uh compelling enough
for you to go home with the vehicle 33
66355 and you're telling me to tell you
what I think should be I I need you I I
I'm getting the sense that you want me
to do something for you yeah I need to
know what it is you'd like me to do um
you know because if you're just going to
ask me you say well uh Ray could you
take a few dollars off well so if I take
a few dollars off is that going to be
enough to get you to say yes but the
easiest way to find that is what numers
doesn't need to be in order for that to
possibly happen and I'll let you know
whether or not that's doable I can
appreciate that I can assure you of two
things yeah one is I'm not paying over
MSRP I I get that I so use that use that
as a barometer okay for the next the
next pass the second thing the second
thing I'll mention yeah I actually have
a trade in I wasn't going to bring it up
but I'll bring it up now I have a trade
in and I know that's valuable to you all
here because that means you get another
card that you can go sell you don't have
to worry about going to the auction and
all that so I have a trade in okay so
I'll lay that card on the table here for
you yeah I don't want to pay over MSRP
and I have a trade can you take that to
your manager and tell me what we can do
forget about the trade at the moment
okay I and I appreciate the fact that
you have a trade but what what did you
want that out the door number to be give
me some I I'm not going to go into my
manager and say uh boss he wants it to
be cheaper and then my boss is going to
say to me okay R so he wants it to be
cheaper how much cheaper does he want it
to be well I don't know boss he wouldn't
share that with me um so you know why
don't get where you're coming why don't
we just take like a wild ass stab at it
and see if maybe we come up with the
right number no I need to go in there
and and be able to give them some idea
as to what you're hoping to get I got to
be under $30,000 out there so so so if
it's a
$29,999
199 we've got a deal I'm probably still
going to jerk you around a little bit so
so give me you know I I want to be able
to go to my boss give me a decent amount
under 30,000 what to find decent decent
to me could be $3 decent to you could be
300 I need to know what we're talking
about you're going to you're asking me
to go into my boss put my ass on the
line to get you a car deal without
having any idea as to what it is that
that's going to get you to say yes he's
going to look at me and tell me right go
do your job go find out what your
customer wants to spend when you walked
me to this office yes I saw you had no
ass to get well that part might be true
I you know lots of people have taken
lots of bites out of it over the course
of time I'm trying to preserve what
little bit I have left give me another
pencil under $30,000 I don't I won't
pull your leg too hard under $30,000 Ray
can you do that for me please I want to
go home with the car today i' love you
figure out the trade and yes I'm
physically here yeah I'm physically give
me give me a a real number to shoot for
don't just give me give me a pencil
under $330,000 $29,000 that's where I
want to be you're happy now 28 29 on the
dot nothing else 29 so if I get you to
20 you go below that I leave I want 29
so I get you the $229,000 at the door
you're going home with the car I can
assure my boss when I go back
there and
beg is that at at
$29,000 you're you're going home with
the car soft and then you know I'm
selling cars I'm not selling Lumber here
um and then we can work on your trade
after
that is that what you're saying you
might get
me here Goa Motors if if we get you we
got you okay that's our slogan don't
ever forget that now let me go see what
I can do thank you Ray Zach yeah Ray I'm
going to going have to ask you to leave
now leave yeah because you told me why
do I got to leave because you told me if
if if the number I came back with was
less than
$229,000 you you weren't going to be
happy and you and you were just going to
leave so I'm
afraid I'm going to have to ask you to
leave what' you do here for me I I I
don't want to share with you because
it's under $29,000 how'd you get it
under 29 for me well I told my boss that
you were serious about buying a car and
then maybe we could make some of the
money back up on your trade I'm glad I
mentioned that yeah what do you got for
me
Ray $ 28,8
3711 now this is what I I we were but
you said if it was under $29,000 you
were leaving did you manager see the car
I drove here in he he he didn't care he
just here's the number I know it's a
nicer R4 I get okay he said here's a
number either it works for him or it
doesn't MSR got it yeah huge discount
huge discount yeah but I'm fairly
certain you guys are just but you know
what either way either way either way
Ray yeah you're fairly certain you how
many cars have you sold taxable fees of
37.85 see these discounts and these fees
things just aren't making sense well I
don't know is it is it $5,000 less than
what it was before it is okay then it's
making sense I don't know how you guys
do it with these numbers you want me you
want me to back to the first and and you
can be at the 33,6 of course I don't
want to be at the no of course okay you
said make it no is there get 29,000 even
I couldn't do that it's less let me ask
you a question yeah are there any gotas
on this
seriously let me look at it closer
there's the first number 33
66355 here's your new number 28 so what
were you trying to do were you really
trying to get a vacation out of me on
that first one I was I was hoping for to
and now I'm settling for Hershey Park
okay what you don't want me to take my
kids to Hershey Park I mean that's all
I'm going to be a doesn't matter just
curious if I if I had if I had more than
two I don't know that we could afford to
still go to Hershey Park I he I don't
want to be I don't want to be breaking
your you know busting your I get it but
you know it's it yeah I mean were we
trying to make a nice profit yeah of
course that's that's what we do you know
you never know when somebody will just
go yes shame on us if we don't ask just
like it's shame on you if you don't ask
you asked I got it for you what's the
next step what do we got to do well I
guess now we have to appraise your trade
and then we can horse trade over
that I think it'll be a lot easier
you've really eased my mind here right
28 8371 cents I don't care how we got
there we're there I'll take the deal
thank you congratulations thank you Ray
my pleasure