so I'm a used car dealer and I don't
want you to buy a car from
[Music]
me so there's a lot of reasons why you
shouldn't buy a car from a used car
dealer and it starts with really where
we get our cars from and I can tell you
that 98% of the cars that I buy they
come from
auction so now how do these how do these
cars get to these auctions well when
when you go and you trade in your car
whether there's something wrong with it
or you just want an upgrade but you go
buy a new car from a from a franchise
dealer well a lot of times they don't
want that car that you trade it in on
their lot so what they do is they just
they send it auction to dump it where
use car dealers like myself will will
buy
it but you got to think so why why is
this car getting traded in well one case
is okay that maybe there's nothing wrong
with it and they just wanted that new
car but in most cases they're getting
rid of that car because there's some
kind of
[Music]
issue so really these cars that that
we're buying when we're going to these
auctions to buy we're buying them
because someone else didn't want them
because there was some kind of problem
and those are the kind of cars that
we're getting in here to our car lot
[Music]
now at my car lot where we do our
business we have a mechanic on staff so
a lot of these problems that we do buy
from these auctions we're able to fix
here and we're able to fix them
relatively cheaply and that's why I'm
able to keep the prices where where
they're at my my car dealership we sell
cars that are $5,000 and under and a big
reason for that is because I have a
mechanic on sta
but there are a lot of other car dealers
that don't have this luxury so a lot of
the problems that they're inheriting
from the previous owner or from just
them running through auction a lot of
these problems are going to be passed on
to the next customer which is you so you
need to make sure that you're guarded
against this if you're going to a used
car dealer to buy your next
[Music]
car so another type of car that's uh
that winds up at these auctions that
we're able to buy is a repossessed car
and what a what a repo is is basically a
car that was not paid for so it was
taken away from the current owner um and
uh and we we know one thing about these
repo cars they they were not taken care
of at all because the consumer really
has they have money to do one thing they
either can make the payment or they can
fix the car but they can't do both and
if they're not even making the payment
they know that that car is going back so
they're not going to spend any money on
maintaining the car on keeping the oil
change on if there's any problems with
the car they're not spending any of that
money to fix this vehicle so that's what
a repo is and even myself buying cars
that are $5,000 and under to be able to
sell on my lot I try to avoid
repossessed cars as much as I can um
just because I know that they're going
to come in with issues that these trade
inss might not have so I I try to myself
not buy
[Music]
repos and probably the biggest thing
about these cars that are coming to
auction if these cars were perfect they
wouldn't be at the auction and let me I
I'll tell you why so um there's a reason
why the customer trades in the car
there's something wrong with it but even
if that customer did trade in that
perfect car then that franchise dealer
that took in that tradein is not going
to auction they're going to keep it on
their lot to be able to sell it
themselves so all of these used cars
that are coming to car lots just like
myself all these other used car dealers
they're basically just the franchise
dealers hand-me-downs um so if you don't
have a dealer that is checking out these
cars then really the dealer is just
inheriting someone else's problems and
trying to sell it to you
[Music]
so another big problem with the cars
that used car dealers like myself will
sell on their lot is that we don't know
the history of these cars now we can we
can pull a Carfax but but a Carfax is
not going to tell you how the car was
maintained how the car was driven before
what kind of what kind of person owned
the car uh before uh before I I was able
to buy it from auction so a lot of these
cars that will come here I don't know
when the last oil change was made
because Carfax even though I run Carfax
on every every one of my cars that's not
going to tell me how that car was
maintained so uh one one easy thing that
can uh get by that I can tell you no
vehicle history report is going to is
going to tell me is how many cats that
that uh that previous owner had so the
uh the amount of uh of smell that's in
the car yeah uh that's uh that's going
to come from from that previous owner
and that's uh that's something that's
that you're not going to be able to know
I mean we can put as many of those
little green trees in in this car as
possible to cover up some some smell but
I can tell you a month and a half later
that smell is coming out and you want to
you're going to find
[Music]
out um so another another big problem
with with really buying a car from a car
car dealers we all know this right car
dealers are shady well at least most of
them now you can find good car dealers
out there I'm one I know of others uh
that are in my circle the ones I talk to
um a lot but for the most part you're
going to find that car dealers are not
the most upstanding of citizens they're
not looking out for year they're not
trying to to benefit your buying
experience they're looking out for them
they're wanting to make the most money
possible but really the system is set up
in a way where they're really forced to
do this and I'll explain why so a lot of
people don't know this but most car
dealers don't actually own their
inventory they don't pay cash for their
inventory what they do is they they
borrow money to be able to buy all their
vehicles that are sitting out there now
this is not what what we do we pay cash
for all of our cars so we're not put in
this in this buying that a lot of car
dealers are are put into but they do
basically what's the equivalent of
swiping a credit card each and every
time they buy their vehicle so right
from the beginning of them purchasing
that vehicle at auction they're under
the gun they're on this time
clock um so it makes it to where okay
they have to sell cars and they have to
sell them as quick as possible so when
you come into their dealership they need
to get your money they need you to buy a
car so they're going to be very
predatory they're going to uh they're
going to say anything that they need to
say to get you into that vehicle because
the longer that they keep a a car on
their lot the more money that they are
going to have in the car just like a
credit card if you don't pay that credit
card off in a month two months 3 months
your interest starts to pile up and this
is the exact same thing that happens to
a lot of used car dealers where okay
they'll go through a time frame they
don't sell a lot of cars and they owe a
lot of money to their
[Music]
lenders so these car dealers are going
to do every thing that they can to not
have to keep a car for x amount of time
so they don't have to pay these floor
plan costs these extra interest fees so
what does that mean they mean that means
they try to push you into a car the
second that you get on their car
[Music]
lot so fees fees let's let's talk about
fees here so so there are lots of fees
that car dealers like to charge that you
know what they don't have to charge and
this is a this is a big downfall I think
of the whole industry because it's very
rare for you to be able to go and get
really a true price on a
car I've had some situations uh recently
I've been looking for a car uh for
myself that I haven't been able to find
um at these auctions and I finally found
one at a uh at a at a car dealership and
it was $133,000 so I called and said
okay what what extra fees and stuff do
you have on the car cuz I know you
probably got at least a do fee right and
they said well we can't really tell you
what the fees are just come come and
look at the at the car and I can tell
you that we've never lost a customer
over fees which obviously is is a lie
but uh I couldn't even get this
salesperson to tell me what the total
price of the car was without me coming
in it's was even to the point where he
said you know what I I'm I'm not allowed
if if I tell you how much the car is
going to be before you get here I can
lose my job our our management will not
allow us to do this it's absolutely rid
and the reason why the salesperson is
not able to do this is because they know
that they're not going to get the
consumer in there just for uh because I
cover the car market and because I want
to help the consumer out and go through
some experiences that a consumer is
going to go through I went to this
dealership because I was very curious to
know what the price was actually going
to be that $133,000 car that I went to
go look at turned into $188,000 just
like that and it's absolutely ridiculous
that dealers are able to get away with
this and they still are able to sell
cars you look at fees like
nitrogen absolute BS you're going to get
that charge that to you um Recon fees
cars for them to get the cars prepped I
last time I checked okay we had to do
that anyway
right dock fees dock fees are out of
hand you can have dock fees at some
dealerships that're like 1,200 bucks to
buy a car this is just for us to be able
to to write the paperwork down to put it
in a customer's name it's absolutely
ridiculous here at my dealership I don't
charge any of those fees I don't even
charge a dock
fee and that's very very rare I would
guess that probably 98 to 99% of all car
dealers out there charge a dock fee you
know why they charge it is they charge
it because they can
[Music]
so I know there's a lot of you out there
watching this well Brandon I know you're
telling me not to buy a car from a
dealer what if I'm a new car buyer what
if I want to buy a new car well you
don't really have any options right
because if you're going to buy a brand
new car you've got to go buy it from a
dealer the way the system set up that's
the only way you can do it unless you're
buying from somewhere like Tesla but um
if you're going to buy a for a Toyota
Honda the way the whole system set up
you have to go to a
[Music]
dealer to actually buy this car so in
that scenario what you're going to have
to do is you're going to have to find a
good dealer and that's that's hard to do
so you can look around you can call a
bunch of these dealerships that have
that car that you want and I mean if
you're buying a new car there's tons of
dealerships that have that exact same
car that you're wanting to buy you can
call three or four dealerships around
your area and you can ask them okay what
is your out the door price on this car
what kind of fees am I going to have to
pay when I get there what's your dock
fee do you have any add-ons like
nitrogen any Market adjustments any kind
of that stuff I need to know that before
I even come to your establishment and a
lot of these dealerships if they're good
dealerships they'll tell you that and
there's some dealerships that charge
fees and some that don't and you want to
find those dealerships that are not
going to charge these fees and that
they're uh their doc fee is not
outrageous and I can tell you if there's
a dealership that's not going to tell
you this over the phone that not a
dealership that I want to shop at cuz I
can go ahead and tell you the reason why
they're not telling you that over the
phone is because their fees are
ridiculous and they're going to lose a
customer if they tell them what their
fee is over the phone they want to get
you in the door so they can woo you so
they can tell you all these whisper the
sweet nothings to you uh to get you to
pay all these extra add-ons which are
for the most part just pure profit for
that dealership
[Music]
and when you do find that dealership
that doesn't charge these fees and you
feel like is is actually doing the right
thing um then what you can do is you can
go in and then the how your negotiation
should look like is that okay you should
already have your research in front of
you know how much you should pay for the
[Music]
car you can look at the sales person and
say look I've done my research I know
that I can get this car for 10% off MSRP
whatever the number is um after you've
looked it up to see what you should be
able to to buy that car for and uh say
I'm I want to buy it for this or I'm
going to leave and that's the biggest
part of the negotiation if you're doing
it with a dealer is you have to be able
you have to be willing to leave that
dealership and uh so many people will
make a make an offer at a dealership and
then uh they'll say no and then they'll
just just uh they'll just stay sitting
there that's not how you're going to
negotiate your deal that's not how
you're going to get exactly what you
want you need to let that dealership
know okay I am a customer I willing to
pay you this price right here and if not
that's okay I'll go to the next
dealership down the road and I will ask
them the same thing but as long as you
know if that salesperson knows your plan
he's going to communicate that to their
sales manager and if they don't want to
take it fine there will be a dealership
out there that will take your number as
long as long as it's reasonable
[Music]
so back on the Ed car side I'm telling
you yeah don't buy a used car from me
don't buy a used car from any used uh
used car
[Music]
dealer but where are you going to buy
one from I would much rather you buy a
used car from someone you know a friend
a family member someone that you can
know the history on the car how they
drove the car how they maintained the
car um so somebody in just in your
network that you're able to be able to
go check out the car you're not going to
get any fees from them you're going to
know the price you're going to be able
to get that car checked out by your
mechanic before you even purchase a car
that's where I would much rather you go
buy a car and even if you don't know the
person you can look on Facebook
Marketplace you can look at all these
different places online uh the problem
is there can be some some safety
concerns with that so make sure you're
taking someone with you to go check out
the car or you're me them in a public
place you can even meet people um in the
parking lot of a police station you can
meet them in the parking lot of the bank
where you can possibly get the car uh
the title notorized if you have to do
that in your state just make sure you're
safe if you're go if you're going that
route but I would much rather you do
that then have to go to a dealer to be
able to buy the car just because of all
these reasons that I've said in this
video I want you to be safe I want you
to get the best deal I don't want you to
pay any fees and I don't want these
dealers to gouge you and if you if you
take this information from this video
and you do a lot of research yourself
there are a lot of other videos out on
YouTube to give you the knowledge you
need to be able to put yourself in the
best position to get the best deal to be
safe and to buy a reliable car then
that's the route that I would want you
to take again I'm a used car dealer I
don't want you to buy a car from a used
car dealer I don't want you to buy a car
from me I want you to do the research I
want you to find the right car for
yourself and save yourself the the most
money and buy yourself a reliable car
and know exactly what you're getting
into before you buy it the biggest take
away anything from this whether you're
buying a car from um from a Ed car
dealer whether you're buying the car
from your mama my biggest piece of
advice I can give you make sure you get
the car checked out by a mechanic before
you buy it that's the that's the if you
can take anything away from this video
that's going to be the thing